Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burr and it's the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
April 30 40 50 60 April 16th,
2012 2012.
What's this decade call,
by the way,
you know,
last decade was called the two thousands of the twos or the arts.
What was it called?
The turn of the century?
Um,
this one's called the teens.
Even think about that shit.
It was the roaring twenties.
It was the holy Shit.
Thirties and a,
let's go get that fucking half a mustache.
Cunt forties.
The shifty fifties there.
Hey man,
sixties.
Right?
Oh,
gives a fuck.
It's,
um,
why am I yelling?
You know why?
Cause I have no energy.
So I figured I could just start screaming and I could overcome my lack of
fucking enthusiasm here.
Well,
you know what,
I've got to tell you something.
At 58,
59,
Bang,
there's one minute,
one minute down,
59 to go.
Um,
it's Sunday night here in Los Angeles and I'm leaning on a piano singing a song.
There's a divorced man at the bar.
Maybe he never got married.
He stares into his drink.
Thinking about what would have been holy fuck,
it's me.
Sorry,
I just sang a twilight zone episode.
Um,
all right,
what the fuck am I doing it?
You know,
so you don't got this.
I got this new fancy fucking laptop,
you know,
and they got the stupid fucking password thing on this thing.
I,
first of all,
I bought a Goddamn Mac knowing full well that the person who finished assembling
this probably through themselves out the window to kill themselves,
only to be stopped by those.
Don't kill yourself.
Nets flung back through the window,
landing back at his station to then listen to soothing.
Don't kill yourself music.
All right?
So I spend all this money on this laptop that some fucking eight year old put
together at four in the morning,
you know,
while being beaten with a,
the last thing he assembled and uh,
they got this fucking password on here.
I swear to God,
if I walk away from the computer for fucking five seconds,
I got to type it in again.
So I know what you guys are saying.
I know what you're thinking.
You go on bill.
Bill.
Why don't you just go to that part of the fucking computer and maybe push it
back to like five minutes?
Well,
I'll tell you why because I can't fucking find it.
That's why I can't find it.
The sinks.
You come with a book or do we have to go buy a book?
Okay.
I Dunno.
I hate these fucking things.
I hate these God damn things and I have to be up tomorrow morning,
everybody.
Tomorrow morning I have to be at work six 20 in the morning.
You understand me?
I have a job tomorrow.
Just like you guys,
you're probably already at your job,
aren't you?
Swollen eyes from a weekend.
A boozing,
you know,
trying to forget that you had to come to that cubicle.
They can,
if you drank enough of them,
maybe the thought of it would go away and there you are sitting there,
you know?
Yeah.
Looking at all three sides of your cubicle.
Well,
I gotta tell you some,
when you spin yourself around your little plastic stapled chair,
you see that the fourth wall,
you could walk right through that.
You walked into it.
Why don't we have a walk out of your cubicle day one of these days?
You know,
I want to start an occupy.
Um,
I dunno.
What about an unoccupied you're fucking cubicle day,
you know,
gimme a fucking office or don't get me an office.
I'll just sit at a desk like fucking Jack Lemmon at the beginning of the
apartment.
You ever see that movie?
It's great fucking movie.
But if you watch it,
they're all just sitting in this whole line at desks in a shooting.
The Shit.
Everybody's flirt with each other.
They fuck after work.
They drank and they all do it.
And Jack Lemon's apartment,
you know.
Evidently that was,
that was too much fun.
Okay.
There was a way we could somehow fall,
can
have them sitting near one another yet.
Not being able to see one another.
Maybe then we could be a little more fishing.
Yeah.
Um,
all right.
This is the podcast.
Uh,
I have to jump right in and once somebody just wrote,
hockey is like soccer bill.
How can you hate on soccer and love hockey?
So much de fuck.
They are so similar.
Yeah.
Except one is played by men.
The others played by girls who anytime you brush up against them,
they go,
oh,
they roll around in the ground for fucking 20 minutes.
You know wells does that.
And the NHL,
European soccer,
I fucking hockey players.
The fucking sweet,
right?
The Norwegians,
I don't know if there's any weekends.
I Dunno.
All those fucking the city San Dean's,
however you saying the fucking twins up there.
Jesus Christ,
even graze,
they're fucking Ben Affleck.
Goatees from 1996 they flop around on the ice.
I like soccer.
I think it is very similar to hockey.
I just can't get over the fucking,
what does it say about the many your country that they pretend to be hurt,
roll around.
So some guy will take a little yellow fucking card out of his back pocket and
run up to the person who allegedly did it and just fucking,
you know,
pull it out like some sort of,
I dunno,
FBI badge.
I hate all the ref runs up to the guy who does it.
And Jake,
there's the yellow card.
What does it,
we just slap it out of his fucking hand.
This is the one I'll start watching sock.
You know what to think of.
I feel about soccer.
I feel like the people in the stands are tougher than the people in the field.
It's,
it's really bizarre.
You know,
I would go out on the pitch in a second,
my little fucking Larry Bird short shorts and I'd run around there and brush up
against fellow and watching go fucking fall on the grass and rolled around
hugging their knee that I didn't hit.
I would do that a second.
As far as standing in the crowd with those fucking crooked teeth,
sons of bitches with a couple of pints and some fish and chips in them.
Fuck that.
I'd never do it.
Having choke me to death with their fucking matching scarves.
I don't need that.
All right.
I'm gonna tell you,
the Premiere League is,
is phenomenal.
World Cup soccer.
I love it.
Except for the,
every time I start to get into it,
there's that,
that just that shameless
flopping around,
flopping around and they all look like they're going to cry.
The Spaniards and the Italians,
they actually get their eyes all welled up like fucking Meryl Streep.
They're out there trying to win an award.
That's what I would do.
You know,
if I,
if I was making films in England,
that's what I would do right there.
I would fuck in a,
yeah,
you know,
I cast just a soccer player.
Those guys can cry on cue.
I you to do is run by him.
Um,
so anyways,
so now of course he goes,
the condescending thing.
I don't know if this guy's actually,
cause he's actually saying that he's into the Blackhawks.
He's like,
Americans don't have the attention span to watch the game that the rest of the
world plays.
You know,
I love that.
I love how they just can't admit that we don't give a fuck because we,
we,
we like contact sports.
That's what we like.
We like people smashing into one another.
That's what we like and getting brain damage.
And then bitching about it years later,
even though they did it on purpose because the fucking assistant coach gave him
1000 bucks to do it.
Those are the kinds of games that we like.
All right.
We're ignorant and were violent,
but we do have an attention span.
All right,
I understand.
It's beautiful game.
It's phenomenal.
The corner kicks flying up and over everybody grabbing their balls on the
penalty shots.
It's beautiful.
It's a beautiful thing to watch.
10 guys standing in a line cupping that junk yet giving up their face to block
this ball.
You know?
And as always,
they always say they,
what do they call it?
What Ball?
They should call it handball cause they carry it in their hands.
You know,
I don't,
I don't know what to tell you.
Okay.
Like I said,
I totally respect the game.
I think it's a beautiful game.
But when you guys get rid of the flopping around and,
and borderline crying in that game,
uh,
I'm all over it.
All right?
But don't talk to me about fucking attention span.
It's fucking boring.
Yeah.
All right.
It's not boring.
It's just,
it's just fucking,
it's the flop.
But for me,
I'm speaking for everybody.
I'm speaking for me.
I can't get over the flopping around.
I like the premier league.
I like listening to everybody's singing the songs,
the excitement of the crowd.
He can feel it.
It matters.
There's history.
I could totally get into it,
but every time I start to get on the edge of my seat,
somebody fucking starts.
I Dunno what,
grabbing their anus,
ed,
uh,
you know,
flipping around and then that Douche runs up and fucking stomps his foot as he
pulls out the car.
I'm,
I'm just not into it.
All right.
You know,
I like when people do that.
Like they just can't accept that you don't like their sport.
Like I tweeted something.
Yes,
I did do that and somehow maintain my heterosexuality.
I tweeted something and um,
I said that you could watch lord of the rings and the time it takes to watch the
final 58 seconds of a close NBA game.
Right.
The NBA,
I don't ever remember it taking that fucking long.
When I was younger,
I used to watch hoop,
but you know,
just like a baseball game,
baseball games didn't take as long as it wasn't everybody doing a fucking triple
Lindy yet between every single fucking pitch,
stepping outside the batter bar,
grabbing your deck,
Justin,
your gloves and all that boring horse shit.
I put that right up there with soccer.
All right.
Fucking basketball's the same thing.
So I ended up,
I ended up making fun of that Shit.
And somebody writes back,
um,
the fuck did they write something on the effect that,
you know,
we always make fun of that,
which we don't understand.
You know,
kind of like what you're doing saying that you're not admitting that soccer does
is kind of fucking boring.
You just going to say we don't have the attention span for it,
you know?
Yet somehow we can sit there and watch the nine innings,
a boring baseball.
Plenty of Americans do that,
sir.
All right.
You hear that?
Hear that sounds,
sir.
That's the sound of your argument.
Hitting the fucking water in the shitter.
All right.
And this other cunts,
they're talking about how,
you know,
I'll make it fun of basketball,
like I don't understand it.
I totally understand it.
I've been watching it for 30 fucking years,
right?
Youngster then watching it says 1981 okay.
And I just a,
I don't know if there's two things that may be stopped watching after the Jordan
era.
Everyone who tried to be Jordan,
you know,
not passing the ball,
trying,
you know,
trying to win without a big man.
I can do it all myself because Michael did it and then they took him like eight
years to figure out they weren't Michael.
You know,
that type of shit is the only guy I've been able to see,
see,
do it.
That kind of,
I used to like the team aspect of it that kind of left.
And then at the end of the fucking game,
it's just like this 58 fucking,
you're the worst is,
is when the other team is clearly lost the fucking game and they keep calling
timeouts.
Ah,
Jesus Christ,
just,
it's over.
Fuck.
What do you think you'd try to cock block that?
The 20 delay.
There's celebration,
you know?
I Dunno.
So I mean,
I still like hoop.
You know,
I,
there's aspects of soccer that I like,
but I know there's something about basketball.
I don't understand why I watched this exciting,
fast paced fucking game.
And then right when it all matters,
you slowed the whole fucking thing down.
And I watched people take unguarded shots to win the game.
It becomes golf at that point.
There's nobody trying to stop you,
you know,
instead of putting it into the hole,
you'd get your fucking throwing it in,
sort of lobbing it in,
putting a nice pretty arch on it.
Unless your shack,
you know,
second you put your fucking hands over the Lva head,
you're above the rim.
Right.
So what do you do?
We started throwing in straight.
Yes.
You know,
I think shacks.
The only person probably has a worst science background than I do.
You know?
Remember that shit when I was telling you,
I don't understand how planes fly.
Okay.
Right.
You can,
you can have a,
on a cruise ship,
I can have a fucking pool on a cruise ship.
You know what I mean?
How do you dig a hole
into the end of the fuselage and dump water in it and it doesn't sink.
It's just fucking beyond me.
I'm the only person I would say as a worst science background than me would be
shocked because he was in the League for almost 20 damn seasons and he never
figured out that,
hey,
you know,
maybe I need to put an,
some sort of trajectory on this thing.
Is that the right word?
It's unreal.
I mean,
when I was a kid and I,
and,
and you know,
with the Nerf Hoop,
I knew I needed to do that.
How can he be fucking nine feet tall and not understand that?
Stay in that fucking voice is cracking.
Um,
so anyways,
yeah,
I got to go to work tomorrow at six 20 in the fucking morning.
Nia needs the car.
So that means I gotta to take big boy drive her up the fucking driveway,
make fucking neighbors are going to kill me.
But a quarter to six in the morning.
Yeah.
Gay,
gay,
gay.
[inaudible]
well
my,
my sound on my truck warming up.
Then it stalls.
It's meet pumping the gas,
you know,
Dan [inaudible]
and then I'm up the top of the fucking driveway.
You know,
they can look out the window with their noses all wrinkled up.
It's gonna be ugly.
It's going to be ugly,
but I got to use it.
I've got to tell you something.
There's nothing better than to have a classic car on a fucking Sunday driving it
around out here in la.
You know?
Absolutely.
Love it,
love it.
And thanks to everybody,
show me where I could go buy some parts for it.
I ordered everything I need.
My side view mirrors coming in so I can stop looking over my right shoulder.
Um,
all right,
this is the Monday morning podcast.
Everybody.
Um,
welcome.
Welcome.
If you're new,
I know I'm pookie Pam picking up like one or two listeners a week.
And that's big for me cause I like to grow things small and not that small and a
very slow rate of speed.
All right.
I'm not trying to blow up,
you know,
like all these other people who are like,
like fucking motivated.
It's not my style.
I like where I'm at.
I'm satisfied.
Just like when I was in high school I wasn't doing well.
I wanted to get into a good college,
but you know I started flunking classes and I was just like,
well you know what am I still eating every day?
You know?
Do I have plenty of water?
Okay.
Their roof,
my head when it's raining
out,
I'm fine.
Why do I need to pass these classes?
You need two years of a way when it's your note college has got to look at Ya
really lady with the really long dress.
Yeah,
I'm still thinking of fucking,
yeah,
you might as well dressed like a whore,
but that's another subject.
As far as your two years of a language,
I think as long as I have the money,
I can do it.
Anybody in high school listening to this fucking thing,
you don't need two years of a language to get.
What you need to do is either past two years of a,
of a language and get in that way.
And if you don't,
then all you do is you just go to a community college for a couple of years and
you prove that you can,
you can work at a college level,
right?
And then you just transfer it.
You fucking parachute in like the way Clemons joined the fucking 1999 world
champion New York Yankees.
He just jumped right in.
He parachuted right in,
right through the sunroof of,
of the limo that they took the previous year when they won the championship and
then he wanted,
that's how you do your college career.
Two years of a community college,
you can get a fucking paper route and pay for that God damn tuition,
right?
You save all that God damn money.
You would dumber girls so they're easier to bang.
They've got lower self esteem,
you know,
probably gonna swallow.
It's all in a brochure.
And then right when you got that you,
you think that you can't wash this stink of the community college audio.
You fucking,
you apply to a real school,
you apply to the school that you wanted to go to.
You go out,
you get some fucking loans,
and then you're in there and they all in you and you fucking get the same degree
as Susie smart pants who fucking learn how to sorta speak a language in this
country that you don't need to speak in other one at all.
Right?
And then come graduation day,
you're sitting right next to her half fucking price.
Half price,
half off.
Okay.
Half off of Notre Dame fucking education.
I'll tell you want to talk about a disappointment going to the Notre Dame
fucking campus all those years when they showed the golden dome and Jesus
standing there with his arms out like,
oh,
we gonna score here.
What?
Right.
Touchdown Jesus and all the beautiful trees and the beautiful ladies in the
autumn leaves and all that type of shit.
And you're like,
oh my God,
that's fucking gorgeous.
That's where I wanted to go to school.
You know,
I already looked like their mascot,
you know,
I figured I'd show up.
They'd be like,
oh my God.
It's him and I get laid,
you know,
be like,
if you look like Elvis showed up at Graceland,
tell me somebody is not going to suck your dick if you got some sequence on the
side of your slacks.
I mean,
these are just theories people.
So anyways,
I finally went to the Notre Dame campus and it is absolutely beautiful,
but the surrounding fucking area.
Yeah,
good be summed up in one word.
Oh
Jesus Christ.
I mean,
you want to talk about a fucking reality show waiting to happen,
the surrounding area.
Those are the people who were too dumb to go to be on some fucking fishing for
clams,
reality shelf.
You know what I mean?
It'll be the name of the reality show,
too dumb to be on a tugboat.
Whatever the fuck.
Next job.
They're going to show me the real tug boaters.
Yeah.
Also,
there was a cruise liner coming in and out.
We didn't have enough tires in the side of the,
shut the fuck up.
You know,
something,
I would actually,
you know,
if I had to be on a boat,
if I had to work on a boat,
right?
Fight to get my little,
uh,
fight it,
do it.
There's no fucking way I'd work on a cruise ship because I don't like people.
Okay.
And at the top of the list of people that I don't like our fat people
sunbathing.
Okay,
you should have shame.
Put Your fucking shirt on.
Okay.
And if I've got to look at that and bring you a slice of cake at the same time,
there's no way I'm not getting fired.
So cruise ships around the navy,
I'm not joining the navy.
There's no fucking way of joining the navy unless I'm going to be a navy seal
and I'm too much of a pussy to do that.
All right?
But I'm not joining the navy,
you know,
see the world or what do I see a bunch of fucking water,
pull into port somewhere for fucking 20 minutes.
I don't want to do that shit.
I don't know.
The Navy,
I always pictured them just singing songs.
Mopping up the deck.
Yeah.
Or you're in a fucking sub and that's even the worst.
You know what I mean?
I think I'd rather go to prison to be in a fucking God damn sub under the water.
Right.
That's where the subs are,
aren't they bill?
It was,
it was.
Thank God you described where a sub is.
There's no fucking way.
There was no good God damn fucking way.
I could survive on the sub.
You know,
those little doorways,
all those douchebags over.
What,
what can you do down there?
You know,
there's fucking guys underneath there for six months.
I yet some point you just got to shoot off a torpedo just to do it right and it
fucking like whale shark or something and they endangered,
um,
the,
they still have periscopes on those things.
What the fuck am I talking?
So I couldn't do that job.
I wouldn't go,
I don't want to go fishing because they saw a perfect storm and I read the book.
Um,
and that's my reality.
Fucking George Clooney ships going under.
And he pushes himself back into it as if you're,
the human body has the ability to fucking override your brain going,
I need some air.
Mark Wahlberg was out.
I look how they had that nice little moment where they were looking at,
you ate each other and one of the worst storms
underwater in the dark in salt water.
No mask on.
They actually shared a moment,
you know?
Okay.
I didn't want him talking to them.
Oh,
a tug boat.
I could work on a tugboat.
You know,
you get one of those pea coats peacoats pea coats.
Okay.
And he starts singing song.
Oh she was half the fish.
How do you find the vagina?
I can see your tits.
What's up with fucking mermaid?
That's why I'm understood about mermaids.
How do you get to the
fucking Pootie?
You know titzer right there.
That's all you can do with a fucking a mermaid.
You just get tit fucker,
you know,
till they got dry.
Bill at the fucking dried out.
Salt of the Saudi at Dick probably staying after a while,
you know,
and she's looking at you like,
I need to get back in the water cause I'm starting to dry out.
And you're like,
yeah,
I noticed.
And I noticed with the chafing of either side of the shaft,
this is one of the filthiest fucking podcast I've ever done.
And you know what,
I don't give a shit cause I have to be up in like fucking three hours.
Yeah.
Um,
what are you doing tomorrow,
Bill,
that you have to be up?
Um,
I got jury duty,
I got jury duty.
I don't have jury duty.
I do have jury duty.
I fucking blew it off.
So the next time I get pulled over,
I think old Billy boys going to jail,
you know,
kill two birds with one stone,
you know?
Do they arrest you?
That's why,
you know?
Yeah.
I haven't got a jury.
Duty is probably a stupid thing to admit right now,
but I did and I was trying to go,
I just,
I'm busy.
I work for myself.
What am I supposed to do?
I have to go to Albuquerque this weekend.
What do,
what do you want from me?
You know,
there's 40 people in a strip mall that are depending on me to,
to go there and talk about my Dick.
Okay.
You know,
I would love to sit here and you know,
listen to you,
make your points and then listen to that guy,
make his boy.
I would,
you know something I would,
um,
when I get old,
I'm already old,
but when I get really old,
you know,
man,
I've just pushed everybody away in my life and it's just me and you know,
a couple pairs of socks and you know,
some old man underwear,
you know the one that has like that MC hammer crutch.
So you can have your old man balls hanging down to your knees,
right.
Have a little sideways shuffle to the,
to the toilet,
you know,
balls and just sitting there and the water is the only thing I'll let you know.
You're still alive.
You know,
every morning when you're old balls hit that toilet water.
Um,
I think what I would do for entertainment is I would go,
I would just watch trials.
I've noticed that,
you know,
anytime I ever went to court,
he was always old.
People just sitting there like knitting and shit.
And it's like,
is that the grandmother I never knew I had.
And it's just like this,
this is this bitch just sitting here like watching me go to fucking,
you know,
one of my friends
don't want to trial here and this is just like entertainment for you.
And I used to think it was really a fucking asshole thing to do,
but I've got to admit
that could be fun.
You're not required to be there.
I would go to the sickest fucking trials,
you know,
murder trials.
I would go to chow molested trials is no fun.
Actually no murder.
Cause then they're going to go through it.
Now I will drug deal.
I go drug dealer,
auto theft.
Shoplifters that's what I'd like to see some chick who fucking went in with his
oversized person tried to steal a chandelier or something.
I'd sit in on those things.
I don't even,
what the fuck I'm saying?
You guys want to hear a commercial.
Wouldn't that be neat?
What if I sing it this?
Oh Christ,
I got to fucking put my God damn password in.
Unbelievable.
Can somebody please tell me where I go on this stupid fucking thing to change
it.
Oh my God.
You go into settings and then you hit the fucking apple key card.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Um,
where are we?
I fucking hate computers.
You know,
I hit about computers and some of the dumbest people I know on the planet are
really good at.
Um,
you know,
it's like golf was talking about that last week.
The amount of people I know that suck it all real sports and then you,
they get out in the course.
They can hit it straight.
You know why?
Because nobody's trying to stop.
Um,
all right,
here we go.
What do we got here?
stamps.com everybody attached copy.
Where the hell is it?
stamps.com everybody,
I've been talking about this for week.
This has been the runaway hit as far as advertising goes on my podcast.
Everybody's getting,
everybody's getting into this.
Don't be the last person to still be going to the post office because you'll be
like me,
I still have a fax machine.
Do you understand that people?
I still fax things.
I bought one in 1999.
It's a Panasonic and I stand by it a lane way.
It has to be faxed and um,
anyways,
stamps.com all right,
this is the deal.
All right?
We're all busy.
Even if you're an absolute loser,
you're busy nowadays.
If he noticed that I don't have it frigging day job and for some reason,
all God damn day I have stuff to do.
I don't have time to go to the post office one.
Well thanks to stats.com um,
this is a deal.
It's important to look professional to your clients.
You don't look unprofessional.
You want to look professional to your clients,
your customers and your partners.
You want to come off like you know what you're doing.
That's what this,
same with this copy.
Placing regular stamps on your letters and packages that won't do the trick.
All right?
You can look like some eight year old,
you know,
but you'll butterfly stamps or you're having a nice day stamps.
You want professional,
professional looking,
metered stamps.
All right.
If you want to take your business to the next level or if you want to intimidate
your grandmother when you send back her sweater or right,
take my advice.
Use stamps.com instead,
this is the deal.
You can buy and print official US postage using your own computer or someone
else's if that generous.
But your own computer and your printer,
you print professional looking postage directly on to envelopes,
labels,
um,
even paper plus damn,
stop,
calm.
We'll give you a digital scale.
My personal favorite,
I love the scale.
You know what I mean?
I feel like I'm doing something illegal but I'm not,
you know,
it's safe.
Um,
the bit basically you can get exact postage for any letter or package the
instant you need it.
And I can back that up cause I'm sending all my DVDs out of,
stick it on the little scale.
It prints it out.
I got my little visor.
It's phenomenal.
Um,
endorsement.
Here we go.
Part two.
Um,
I highly recommend efs.com actually I do.
It's easy to use.
It's convenient and you can start it right now.
All right?
So if you go to stamps.com uh,
they have a special offer for my listeners.
All right?
You use my last name,
[inaudible],
B U R,
R for a no risk trial plus a $110 bonus offer,
which includes that digital scale that I'm so fond of and $55 in free postage.
All right?
You can't loose.
All right,
so go now,
go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
click on the radio microphone at the top of the homepage and you type in burpee.
You are,
are that stamps.com enter bur bur you're $55 of free postage and $110.
Now we're in a digital scale.
That's what you do.
All right.
And now look at this.
We're back to the podcast.
Thanks,
by the way,
for everybody,
everybody who's been,
uh,
taking advantage of stamps.com they've been very happy with the,
with you guys doing that stuff.
All right.
Can you tell?
I'm trying to search for something while I'm talking to you in front of
compliment you as I do on this.
All right.
Getting over a broad,
um,
when you got here,
28 minutes in our right,
we're flying.
We're flying now getting over abroad.
How do he bill?
Go Fuck Yourself.
All right.
I broke up with my girlfriends seven months ago,
several months ago and I'm having trouble getting over her.
We broke up because I had to move for school.
I swore to myself I would stop contacting her because I was becoming psychotic
and jealous and I did.
I'm still finding myself thinking about her all the time.
All of the girls in my new town are horrific monsters.
They aren't white trash,
ugly cons.
They are super hot but brain dead and boring and way out of my league to how is
somebody brain dead and boring Outta your league or because they're super hot.
Just walk up to her.
What is she going to sell these aren't you going to do is say no.
Not saying she's going to say no.
Every time you guys listen,
listen,
let me tell you something.
Do you want to fucking beautiful girl?
Do you want to marry a fucking beautiful woman?
A Beautiful,
smart woman?
Isn't that what every guy wants to do?
Well,
you're not going to do what if you're too afraid to talk to him.
All right,
so why don't you practice on a brain dead?
Stupid one.
So some day when that girl walks in and takes your breath away,
you're going to have the fucking balls over there to walk up,
you know?
Say something witty while you got your head on a Glam.
No,
don't do that.
You don't do that.
Okay,
don't do that.
You know what I'm saying?
All right.
Anyways,
my ex girlfriend was smart,
hot,
funny,
cool,
and was really into me.
I tried getting over by banging other chicks,
but it doesn't work.
It just leaves them brokenhearted and it makes me feel worse.
Well,
wait a minute.
How are they broken heart at after you just bagged them?
That means you bang them for a couple of weeks and then tell them to fuck off.
Don't do that.
You.
You should just be,
you know,
stick and move.
All right.
Anyways,
he says,
I can't seem to find anyone that can measure up to my ex need more solutions.
All right,
well,
you know,
when you break up with somebody that you care about and they have all those good
attributes,
it's going to be awhile before you meet another one.
All right?
So
yeah,
you just got to go through it,
dude.
If you want,
if you want,
if you don't want to get back together with the other girl,
you know
then,
but you got to do is you get,
you get,
you got to learn to be fucking single again.
You got to remember,
what did I do before I met that last girl?
What did I do?
Oh,
well,
let's see.
I had beers.
I fucking worked out.
I watched football or whatever the fuck you did.
I went to one of the,
went to the hunger games.
I read that trilogy of books or whatever the fuck that is,
you know,
it hurts.
Okay.
Breaking up with somebody who's awesome,
but it's just not right or whatever.
It hurts.
So accepted.
All right platoon.
Take the pain.
You know?
Why don't you sit down and have a good cry?
Just fucking cry it out of you every day.
Just wake up.
Think about it.
Let when you bottled lip starts quivering.
Don't stop it.
Just give into it.
That's what kills guys.
We don't cry.
Just fucking cry.
Fucking cry puts your face in your pillow and cry like a little fucking girl.
I shouldn't have said girl.
Just fucking cry like a human being.
Why do we deny that emotion has meant?
Just let it out.
All right?
Then wake up.
You know once you're done crying,
go in the bathroom,
puts your face on it.
Go get yourself a bowl of fruit loops.
Just you know,
after you'd dumped her down,
I'm going to get through this.
Hype yourself up.
I have a good day today.
Go hit on some fucking hot brain.
Dead Boring.
Fucking broad.
It just as practice.
Just as practice.
Okay,
you're going to fund another one.
You sound like you're still young.
It's not like you're 50
you and then at 50 swear to God.
If you're making money,
you can probably still get like a hot 34 year old,
you know,
I wouldn't go into younger than that,
cause you've got to think by the time you're 60,
she's going to be 44.
She could still hang in there for that,
you know,
and all you gotta do is just keep fucking spinning around in the bedroom for
another five years and then she's too old to give a fuck.
And then you got her and she'll be patent pat,
you fucking rubbing your forehead as you're laying there and your deathbed,
you know,
telling you that you did did the right thing.
You go in a younger than that,
they have options and they'll leave you.
All right?
So getting overbroad,
that's what you gotta do.
You gotta cry it out of you and you just got accepted.
It's going to hurt and he's,
it takes time.
Okay.
But,
uh,
you know,
don't run back to the other one.
Just cause you're lonely.
All right.
Cause then you're going to have to fucking,
you got to break up with him again.
You know,
it's like fucking Iraq.
We just did it right the first time.
Wouldn't have to go back the second time,
you know,
it didn't make any sense.
Um,
all right,
next one bill.
Get a gun.
Look Buddy.
It's simple.
Get a gun.
I'm totally,
totally going to be like stereotypically.
When I finished,
when I first started banging my lawyer,
I'd stay over her place almost every night.
She was still finishing up her divorce and the ex was still in dick mode.
Jesus Christ.
I remember one night,
slash morning she woke me up saying she heard something downstairs.
She insisted I go down and look.
I'd stayed silent pretending I was just waiting to hear it.
Really.
I was shitting myself on the inside core shoe where nobody wants to go down
there and figure out who the fuck it is.
All she had was a pen
weight.
All she had was a pen that I thought I could Nicolas cage into a neck if I had
to butt naked,
but naked I'm walking around scared as hell.
Pen in hand,
come up empty.
And soon enough,
uh,
wait,
came up empty.
So every now you didn't find anybody and as soon enough bought a Taurus PT one
40 pro.
It's a sidearm I shot once and keeping an arm's reach of my bed.
I'll tell you what,
Mr [inaudible],
I sleep like a baby and I'm relaxed.
I'm relaxed knowing it's there.
Plus it makes you feel like a man.
Maybe if you start pick,
pack and heat,
you'll get off you period.
Your period and quit bitching about how bad your podcast sucks.
One more thing.
Who is the greatest American band?
Creedence Clearwater revival.
Um,
first of all,
dude,
uh,
you fucking,
you went out and got a gun.
You shot at once and then that's it.
You don't want to get good at it.
Actually went shooting this week.
I went to the gun range.
Everybody,
I shot a five shot 38 and I shot a,
I shot a nine millimeter and I got to tell you something.
It was fucking terrifying at first and then quickly became awesome and I enjoyed
the entire process.
I enjoyed loading it.
I enjoyed shooting it.
The skill of trying to hit the target on the,
you know,
taking the shells out of the five shot and uh,
they let me clean it.
I would have loved it.
I was like fucking a private pile in full metal jacket by the end of it.
Fucking looking down,
up through my eyebrows.
I completely enjoyed it.
Um,
okay.
But uh,
you don't sound like you respect it sir.
You sound like the kind of guy who shouldn't have a gun.
If you ask me.
Yeah,
you shot at once and I keep an an arm reach your bed and now you fucking sleep
like a baby.
Cause I know it's there and I'll just fucking waving around the you gotta we
gotta watch out with a gun is,
it's an instant black belt.
That's the thing.
And he didn't go through the discipline of it.
So you got to respect the fact that you could fucking kill somebody.
I know the guy,
right?
I'm just saying this right now.
So this guy could fucking go to the gun range tomorrow and putting like a red
wig on his targets and start fucking shooting at it.
Um,
that's the thing about gun,
it's this amazing power when you have it,
this amazing power that you have to fucking,
uh,
I don't know.
That's what I felt when I had it.
I was just like,
you have this and you have the ability to take a fucking life.
And it was like really like a,
you know,
I didn't get this psycho charge from it.
I felt like this ridiculous level of responsibility.
Like I was holding a baby near an alligator Assam Shit.
Does that make any fucking sense?
It's the people who fucking get those gets,
you know what it's like,
people will get pimples and they treat him nice and then other people will get
pit bulls and they try to make,
turn the dog into the bad ass.
They never were.
You know what I mean?
You kind of coming off like that,
why the fuck would you only shoot at once and then you keep it loaded by the
side of your bed?
Yeah.
You know,
I uh,
I got like three or four different contexts and I'm going,
who,
who like serious gun safety,
um,
courses that I'm going to take and whatever gun I get,
I'm going to know how to fucking take that thing apart,
put it back together.
Everything about it go to the gun range a zillion times.
So I'm proficient with the fucking weapon and,
and then,
you know,
keep it in a safe God damn place where no one can get hurt with it.
And if somebody fucks with me,
I could instantly get it,
you know,
that's my deal.
I'm not going to shoot it once and then keep it by my bed and I fucking feel
safe now.
Man,
why don't you get off your period?
Why is that what you're talking all tough now cause you got your gun.
How come you didn't talk shit about my podcast before?
What?
Cause you are unarmed.
Huh?
I'm gonna push this guy over the edge anyways.
He says who's your foods is the greatest American band?
A fucking Aerosmith?
Yeah.
Creedence Clearwater revival.
You don't think all their songs sound the same?
Same.
Well bring your near when
I was just done little bar,
something about us swap,
even though we're all from Sacramento,
the shit don't make no sales.
All Susie Q,
Bam,
wham.
Actually like Korean scholar water revival.
But uh,
my brother,
when I was a kid,
he bought like the fucking eight cassette greatest hits thing that I'm sure
their manager put out.
Remember that song?
Vans Kid,
dad's bird,
he'll steal your buddy.
Um,
he put it,
he put that shit out.
I'm sure he got all the fucking money.
And my brother listened to those things over and over and over and over again.
And it got to the point I fucking,
I,
I hated the band,
but it's been 20 years since I've listened to them.
And every once in a while I hear when I'm starting to like him again.
It's Kinda like led Zeppelin,
led Zeppelin.
I listened to every,
you know,
how overplayed stairway to heaven is.
I did that to every one of their songs.
And,
uh,
yeah,
it became like when I started here in led Zeppelin,
it was like,
you know,
that moment in clockwork orange when they're holding his fucking eyes open and
he starts to get sick when he sees violence.
Like I would get like nauseous when I heard him.
Um,
I would say Aerosmith.
Is that right?
I Dunno,
I'm fucking old.
I like Aero Smith then make it fucking albums to what?
40 goddamn years.
Doesn't that count for something?
CCR seven 37 Coleman out of this guy.
You know what?
February from Sacramento.
How come they never said hello in any of their songs?
Can anybody tell me that?
Anybody explain that to me?
The fuck am I talking about?
All right,
let's get to some more advertising here.
People would go into game fly right now.
gamefly.com everybody.
Do you play video games?
Sure.
We all do.
Um,
you know,
it'd be awesome if you've got a 15 free 15 day free trial and you get 8,000
video games delivered to your home or straight to your PC.
Wouldn't that be awesome?
Just go to game,
flag.com/burr 15 days for free,
8,000 games at your fingertips either delivered to your door or straight to your
damn PC.
You can't do any better than that.
All right?
So there's your fix.
If you got video games,
thanks to the Monday morning podcast,
look at me.
You've got a post office in your house.
You got 8,000 games now,
right?
You go to school,
you go to escape fenders.com.
You protecting your feet and uh,
I don't know what else I got to do for you people.
Sky's still fucking bitch.
Unhappy old tough guy there with his fucking gun.
Well,
I've got a gun now.
Now I'm going to talk shit.
You know,
fucking assholes.
Asshole thinks you're giving you a BB gun.
Um,
alright.
Overrated.
Underrated for this week.
Uh,
underrated,
uh,
tee tops on a Pontiac Firebird.
Oh,
Jesus.
It's my childhood right there because nothing beats getting.
Can you guys proof proof read your shit.
Oh,
getting dome.
Okay.
Because I'm sorry this one's on me because nothing beats getting dome in your
parked car while you get to look at the stars.
He says it's one of the most awesome things you'll get to experience.
Wow,
dude.
You know what?
You just painted a picture.
I think I gotta.
I gotta add that to my bucket list.
Okay?
You know what to,
you can't,
you can't be like just on the street.
You can't hear the sound of the street.
You got to go to someplace to kill secluded.
Right on a fucking moonlit night
have some chick blow units.
You know,
she'd probably actually think that that was romantic.
He only thing missing in that whole thing is a unicorn.
Alright?
Overrated imports.
Imports.
I'm referring to all the Japanese burners you see on the streets.
The Honda civics,
the Acura Integra is the Nissan to 40 SX.
Everybody thinks they,
they,
they're the shit and they want to race him when in reality they wouldn't stand a
chance against good ole American muscle.
What are your thoughts?
Uh,
I don't know that I know enough about racing though.
It doesn't,
this Honda doall right in Formula One.
I know it's all German,
right?
Mercedes and uh,
obviously Ferrari does great.
Um,
well I,
I this,
this is the deal,
when I think of high,
high speed performance,
I think of Porsche,
Porsche is,
or whoever the fuck he supposed to say it.
Lamborghinis all the Italian and German shit.
That's what I think about Maseratis,
you know,
and when I think
Gov,
uh,
you want to fuck and line them up.
You want to Rice,
man,
you want to go fucking,
you want to get sunk into your seat and go in a straight line as fast as you can
fucking can.
Then I think American cars,
you know what I mean?
Who's kidding?
Who are cars can't corn.
Not because we're stupid.
It's just we don't need to corner because we have land over here.
We're not like those fucking countries.
And over in Europe where they just,
every one's the size of fucking Rhode Island.
So there's a lot of turns.
And then,
you know,
and not to mention they made the fucking roads,
back when they were fucking bring an oxen to town and Shit,
hairpin fucking turns.
You watched the Tour de France is fucking guys in the bicycles.
They can't even make the fucking turns over there.
So because of that,
because of that handicapped,
I think that they actually make,
they make better cars than us.
But as far as the Japanese stuff,
um,
I think the Japanese,
you know,
I don't have an original opinion about it,
but I think they took what we were doing.
You know,
we took a lot from the Europeans and then they took what we were doing and they
just didn't,
they improved it.
Ah,
stop rolling your fucking eyes.
You know what I'm talking about?
If you change the oil on a Toyota or a Honda,
that fucking
every three to two,
3000 miles,
that fucking thing is gonna.
It's gonna.
You get 800,000 miles out of it.
All right.
And I know American cars have made it come back.
But you got understand Ima scarred child of the 80s and in the fucking late
seventies,
right through the 80s,
they made American cars.
There was a corporate decision,
they made them so they would self destruct 60 to 80,000 miles in,
you know,
telling you they just,
the fucking transmission would drop out and it was done on purpose.
Terrible.
And I still think that the American auto industry is trying to cover from that,
despite the fact that they now have 10 year,
hundred thousand mile warranties.
Um,
I don't know.
That's that.
That's my fucking thoughts.
All right.
I like,
uh,
I like some of the Japanese stuff,
you know,
just as far,
I mean,
I've got a fucking Toyota Prius.
I love that God damn car.
I love it.
I don't care that people call me a fag when I'm driving it.
You know,
I'm still comfortable with me.
Went to the fucking night.
I filled it up with gas today.
35 bucks.
Go Fuck Yourself.
All right,
go fuck yourself.
Also filled up my truck and that costs me 65 for three quarters of a tank,
underrated.
Going to a hockey game early and watching warmups.
There's no one around you.
You will,
there's no one around you with dumb foam fingers or micro web drink.
Microbrew drinking brothers.
I can't even fucking read this week.
Plus you can watch all the players fuck off and try cool shit all the while
trying to snipe on the backup goalie.
Yeah,
that's actually true.
Have you guys been watching the NHL playoffs?
Playoffs?
I've been watching a,
the Bruins capitals.
Um,
that's like a great pitcher's duel,
except it's the goalies.
Both games give gone into overtime.
But uh,
I've also been watching the fly
first.
The penguins and I have a weird sports relationship with both of those teams in
Pittsburgh.
I liked the penguins fans.
I hate their fucking team.
I hate them.
All right.
Like I think the rangers coach sum them up and shouldn't have been fine.
He should have been given an award.
All right.
There are fucking filthy God damn team and anybody does anything to them.
They fucking bitch moaning.
Klein,
you saw what the fuck they did today?
I thought it was the filthy flyers.
We,
the penguins getting all mad down three games to none.
They start fucking cross checking people in their throat,
right.
Fucking doing all kinds of reprehensible shit.
I don't,
you know,
I totally respect that franchise because they,
their ability to go from,
you know,
Mario Lemieux and Jaromir Jaeger and within 20 years to have another one,
two punch Crosby and Malkin
is this,
you know,
and Jordan stall.
I mean that they're fucking,
they're the shit.
Tremendous fucking franchise.
But I,
I don't,
I don't like,
you know,
I dunno.
They always seem to have those guys that really like to go after people's
fucking niece,
you know?
And then you got a fucking a Paulie,
pouty lips there,
bitch moaning and complaining.
Just see,
I'm trying to fight,
not throwing a punch,
not throwing a punch.
And then it comes to raft and he starts throwing a fucking punch.
And at the end of the game when there's no ref around,
the guy wanted to go.
He wouldn't go.
What the fuck?
Either fight or raw.
Don't run your,
Yep.
All right.
And then the flyers.
I love the flyers,
but I hate their fucking fads.
I don't like this.
And out of the deal,
they don't like their offense.
You know,
I told you the deal and went to a Bruins game with my mom up in Boston.
There was flyer fans behind me and they would crass and they ruined it and my
mother was there and it was just fucking,
they just assholes.
The fucking assholes.
But I loved the team.
So I've been watching that series and it's a,
okay.
It's just been fucking,
I don't know.
I know it's been difficult,
but uh,
what are you,
what are the flyer fence think?
What do you guys think?
You think this is year you're going to win your cup anywhere.
I think your weaknesses,
I think it's your fucking goalie with his weird colored pads.
I know you're up three games to none against the penguins,
but I have you noticed that your goalie has given up 12 goals in three games.
That's not a good,
that's not a good thing.
Averaging,
giving up four goals a game.
You know,
if the fucking penguins goalie wasn't,
I dunno what the fuck he looks like.
He's playing twister every time they come down.
He's fucking God is,
he's on all fours with his arms crossed.
I don't even,
what the fuck he's doing is the puck.
He's like trying to like streets pain,
like whack a mole with the God damn puck.
Um,
and I'm watching,
I'm missing it right now.
I'm watching the king's Vancouver,
which was zero zero when I came downstairs,
loving the kinks,
loving the Kings,
beaten the Vancouver Canucks,
loving him.
You know,
it's another team flopping all over the God damn ice.
Jesus Christ.
If any NHL player listens to this shit,
I swear to God they're either going to hug me or fucking punched me in the face,
depending,
depending on who you play for.
Um,
you know,
this is what I like at the Bruins.
Don't win it.
Uh,
who would I like to see?
I would say the La Kings,
but I just know some la kings fans are also Laker fans and I wished them no
happiness whatsoever.
So it would be hard,
even though I liked the kinks.
Um,
I think,
I think I'd have to say the,
I like the St Louis Blues just cause they've never won a fucking Stanley Cup.
They almost had the president's
trophy.
But I mean,
I just,
I just like they,
uh,
I went to,
I went to a game when I was in Saint Louis and they have real,
they got real fans,
old school,
hardcore fucking fans.
Like a lot of those teams in the north,
even though the,
the old,
the old Norse,
it's weird.
I like,
I like Saint Louis,
Angelic Chicago,
which I know is sacked religious if you live in either one of those cities.
But I just liked both teams.
Uh,
there,
I fucking said it.
And I used to like Vancouver until last year when we played them in the finals
and they were just,
uh,
you know,
flip flopping all over the fucking ice,
the year of,
you know,
but that's,
that's called the sport over in Europe.
It's called a beautiful game.
You know,
when you,
I dunno,
you cheat and in a feminine manner,
you know,
that's what you guys are bringing to the table.
I mean,
I'll admit that with fat and stupid over here.
We don't read.
Can you guys at least admit that you're fucking right.
Okay.
Bunch of flop and bitches over there.
Um,
now Jesus has another fucking place.
I don't have to watch my back.
Ah,
overrated.
China.
China is overrated.
All right.
I spent last summer.
Dude,
if it wasn't for China,
I wouldn't be able to fucking look at this laptop right now.
Isn't that what they make them?
I Dunno.
I just like bitching about shit and that really finding out what's going on.
51 minutes in baby.
Uh,
I spent last summer in China studying law and staring at the top of black heads
from my six,
three viewpoint.
Uh,
the Chinese are an incredibly diverse culture and all that when compared to us
Americans,
but many,
if not all,
am I going to start reading some racist shit this early?
Okay,
let's just go slow here.
Chinese are an incredibly diverse culture in all that when compared to us
Americans.
Doesn't that just sound like the opening of something racist?
You know,
they're really diverse and all that stuff and junk and all that stuff.
But you know,
yeah,
but many,
if not all of those differences are pro precisely what makes America
what
but many if not all of the,
all those differences are precisely what America makes America.
So for lack of a better word,
oh so bad.
Frigging ass
Chinese are incredibly diverse culture.
I can't even,
what the fuck is he saying?
So now he's,
you just said that there are diverse culture and all that when compared to us.
And then you started saying that.
Now what?
We're diverse.
I don't understand what he's saying here.
He said there their food.
I guess Chinese food could not be anything close to what any sensible human
being could call decent.
You don't get,
I don't know what the word is,
p way or none of that in China you get some nasty noodles or even the nice
restaurants paired up with the whole,
the whole fish eyes.
And,
and mind you,
this is,
this is breakfast,
lunch and dinner.
We're talking,
I won't even go into the dog issue.
See attached photo.
What?
I'm not looking at the attached photo.
What do you got?
A dog hanging from a fucking Hook in a window.
Anyways.
Um,
when I got back to the states,
the first place I went was in and out for a six by six.
Not Kidding.
I didn't know what that means.
And I nearly choked at,
chocked it up and snorted it.
Oh,
chopped it up and snort it.
It,
you wrote shocked a noodles will never be the same for that.
Fuck you China.
Come on and do it.
That I don't want to be trashed in China like this.
The cities are filthy bay.
Jared,
he didn't have a good time over there.
Uh,
most important to people or a holes.
Not all of them.
Maybe not seek,
did I call it or what?
The government doesn't give a flying fuck about them.
So they figure,
hey,
one IP and asshole,
right.
Is this what these is what they said to you?
Or this is what you sort of a,
I mean,
it's just say that the government doesn't give a fuck about them is really just
sort of a,
you kind of skimming the surface there.
I don't think it aren't they underneath an oppressive,
uh,
when he called regime over there,
they have that weird thing where they have all like this technology and iPhones
and iPads mean shit.
They build them right?
The cell phones are actually better than ours yet.
If you say anything about their fury.
Dot.
Doesn't like they run over you and it with like a tank.
Sorry,
I'm just piecing together clips I've seen in CNN for the last 20 fucking years.
Um,
so he tells me some story.
Uh,
oh,
he's seen Barry Sanders couldn't get through a crowd without getting bruised up,
without getting a bruise,
ribbed amount,
a pack subway one night.
And this fucker behind me is digging his scrawny little elbow into my kidneys.
I'm ready to turn around and rabbit punched the cock sucker when I get off and I
finally get room to take a full breath in and actually turn around.
It's this little frigging old lady with the shit eating grin on her face.
I was so close,
Bill.
Yeah.
Uh,
you know,
sound.
I was getting on a flight one time and somebody was elbowing me in the back and
I turned around and it was,
I believe a little Chinese wound,
but you gotta understand.
It's so jam packed over there.
That's just part of their culture.
They're not being dicks.
That's just like them beeping a horn.
I think.
Um,
so yeah.
Don't,
don't punch an old lady in the face or we underrated manners.
Now that I'm talking about Buffy and banging at the country,
not that I'm talking about Buffy and Baggins at the country club type shit,
I'm talking about the friendly pardon means,
excuse me,
oops,
my bad,
et cetera.
There's none of that shit.
Maybe I was unlucky or the fact that I'm a huge American guy.
They treated me particularly awful.
But at the end of the day,
I was so aggravated by the repeated nudges,
spitting in my path,
burping within a few feet of that,
I
took everything from me not to pounce it at least one on one person daily.
Uh,
yeah dude.
I mean you're dealing with a different culture over there.
I mean there's six fucking billion,
7 billion people on the planet and I think like they have over a billion of them
there.
So
I dunno.
I think you just sorta missed America.
You know,
we all got our shit.
This is good stuff in best stuff.
I don't,
I don't be trashing China.
Okay.
All right.
I already feel guilty enough that I bought this God damn laptop,
even though I knew what the fuck those people are going through over there,
who put them together.
You know how you guys honestly telling me that's the only way that you can,
that they can keep this thing,
you know,
for the price that it is.
Can't like the CEO's make a little bit less money when you get to that level.
You know?
You know what I love about the,
the sociopaths in the corporate world,
they always just have,
well I mean,
you know the price,
let the market will bear the market,
will bear it.
The
okay.
You know,
and just completely removing themselves.
Okay.
I Dunno,
I have such fucking hatred for that and all the way the other side,
you know,
Neil was making dinner tonight,
right?
Cause he's a fucking angel.
Absolute Angel,
right?
She's making me this awesome meal and she needed this,
So she goes,
can you go to trainees jealous?
He got change Joe's and get some jasmine rice and I like abso-fucking-lutely
right?
So I jumped in the Prius and I drive over to fuck a trader Joe's.
Okay.
Uh,
I got out and I got to tell you something man.
Maybe cause it was,
I dunno,
the level of Douche bag in a trader Joe's,
like if you ever just want it to rid the world of Douche bags,
um,
yeah,
I would start at trader Joe's.
You know what?
Maybe it's just an La thing.
I went in there and just every fuck,
you know what it looked like.
It looked like a bunch of rich kids trying to dress like they were poor.
Every one of them was just fucking annoying with,
they're ridiculously on purpose,
ugly way of dressing.
Just each one of them just trying to be more and more out of style.
Hey Man,
I don't even know what's instead whole Fuckin hipster thing.
Awful.
You know?
Thank God I showed up.
Look,
I want like,
I'm not a Douche bag,
you know,
I think that they look at me just the way I dress.
Like they think I'm some frat boy,
date rapist,
you know,
just because I have a,
I look like I could actually catch a ball.
I Dunno.
We're gonna be trying to paint myself like I'm the bad ass at the trader Joe's.
You know what I think?
I think we've,
I think I've had about enough of this podcast for this week.
I have an early,
uh,
early call time tomorrow.
Everybody.
Um,
all right,
so what do I say now?
What do I say?
Oh,
amazon.com.
Every one.
Um,
you want to donate to the podcast and support the troops.
Here's how you can do it.
All right?
Anytime you go on to amazon.com rather than just going directly to amazon.com
you know,
just swing by bill bird.com.
Click on the podcast page and then click on the Amazon banner on the right hand
side of the podcast page.
And I know what you're thinking.
Well,
Jesus,
Bill,
that's fucking two extra steps.
Well,
you know what it is?
Two extra steps,
but listen to what you'll be doing.
You'll go to amazon.com you don't have to do anything else.
Do you buy something?
Not saying you have to,
but if you do,
I get a kickback on that.
Then I take 10% of the kickback and I give it to the troops.
What do you think about that?
So you can fuck,
I support my par cash and the troops,
the wounded warriors project all at the same time.
Don't you think that's worth two extra steps?
Come on.
You know,
he did something bad this week.
We all did.
Don't you need a little bit of Good Karma?
You know,
just something some someday after you die and you're standing there in front of
Oh,
G gee isn't his dad.
And he'd be like,
well,
hey,
you know,
I went to bill burrs podcast and uh,
I actually don't say my name.
That's probably not a good thing to do up there.
Um,
uh,
you know,
I,
I fucked and donate it to a,
the wounded warriors project,
you know.
All right.
That's it.
I've had enough.
Have you had enough?
I hope you enjoyed this podcast as much as I did.
I had a really good time.
I enjoyed myself.
You know what?
It turned me on.
I got a Wah Wah pedal.
[inaudible]
I am so close to two.
I am so close to a level of fucking awful in the guitar,
you know,
you don't have,
you know what I'm saying?
Like you have to be like a certain level of awful.
You just can't be completely fucking awful.
It just makes somebody turn their head.
I'm,
I'm at a level,
I'm almost at that level where it's actually listened to bubble and it'll be
hilarious.
So,
um,
if you guys egg me on,
I'm learning how to solo in a,
in a minor.
All right,
I'll fuck around with my Wah Wah pedal.
Maybe sing you some tunes.
Hi.
Will that fill up your fucking days while you're waiting for somebody to change
your life for the love of your life to walk in through the door,
right?
If just sitting there going,
oh,
I don't know who to talk to.
This is what I want you to know.
It'd be great for all of your soul's today.
Why don't you get up?
Put your head like halfway over your fucking cubicle wall,
never sitting next to you.
Just go,
hey,
hey.
When they look at you and be like,
just fucking give him the finger.
Fuck you.
What was that for?
You know,
because every time I look at you,
you remind me of what I've also accepted.
Okay,
what is that bank?
You know what the fuck it means having an
office with walls that don't reach the ceiling without a fucking door.
You know what I'm talking about,
right?
You lock in with there.
You speak passionately.
Next thing,
you know,
next thing you know you're banging her.
Maybe act like you're working late and you go in and you're fucking 40 Kate
Ryan,
your boss's desk,
not realizing that he is 24 hours security and it's being
recorded by some fucking fat.
Fuck.
We supposed to be a security guard and rather than going in there and stopping
it,
he decides to record it so we can put it on his youtube page and maybe get some
hits.
Maybe we can talk about it loudly in a bar and be like,
oh I was the guy who uploaded it,
you know?
And then some pathetic girl whose dad took off when he was when she was three
years old,
will overhear that and actually blow that guy.
See that it's called the winds of change right there on a butterfly.
Flaps its fucking wings.
Ah,
Jesus.
What am I talking about?
All right,
that's a podcast for this week.
Go fuck yourselves.
And I mean that took from the bottom of my heart.
Each and every one of you can go fuck yourselves this week and don't take any
shit.
And I just,
just this week,
well you know what you do,
why don't you guys start sabotaging those cubicle fucking walls?
She's every week.
Just take us one screw out.
You know what you do is start far away from your cubicle at first so no one
suspects you.
And then once they start getting wise,
take one out near you.
Cause why would you do that?
Your cubicle,
why would you leave that evidence right near year?
You like Sharon Stone,
you know,
then you were Larry Bird shorts with no underwear underneath it.
You then you uncross and then cross your legs,
flashing a little ball bag when they interrogate you and that's how you get out
of it.
That's how she did it right in the end.
She still at the ice pick under the bed.
All right,
that's it.
Um,
I got nothing else.
Hey.
Hey you.
I'm fucking April 27th I'm going to be a Concord college in Concord,
New Hampshire.
And unlike most of the college gigs I do,
this one is actually open to the public.
So if you are too stupid to,
again in that school,
you know,
and you fucking plow the streets and get hammered afterwards wearing your high
school football jacket.
And he always wondered what fucking college was like,
why don't you come on down to Concord College in Concord,
New Hampshire on fucking April 27th and I will be there telling my jokes.
All right,
have a good day.